hello i hope you're okay
i'm having a really nice day so today i
thought we could we could do like a
come grocery slash food shopping with me
i put over my instagram today like what
videos would be helpful or you'd like to
see and a lot of them were just like
grocery shop videos i thought let's just
go together kind of thing you know
i'm gonna go to a few shops today as
mason and i bought an airfryer last week
which is amazing it's like
the size of an industrial one it's
really big and it's faulty because it
like makes this like weird like really
loud like vibrating sound
so i'm just gonna take that back and
then i think we're gonna order like
maybe a smaller one
off amazon but yeah i really like the
airfryer definitely gonna do some
airfryer
recipes maybe you can cook potatoes a
lot quicker because normally they take a
few hours in the oven i don't know why
i've picked
to start filming this like slap bang in
the middle of a car park with like
people
either side for an up front woods as
well left that from me
i've actually been mixing up like my
supermarkets recently i went to waitrose
the other day
and they had loads of selection of like
different things because i feel like
i've got a bit bored of eating the same
stuff like i always have like the same
sort of snack so i just thought it'd be
nice to see
what else like you know how every
supermarket you go to especially like
different areas too
they definitely have like more variety
with that in mind i thought i'd go
somewhere else as well today and just
pick up some of my like usual bits and
also
like show you what i get every single
food shop and hopefully this will be
really helpful
useful i do feel like it's a lot easier
when you
find stuff that you really enjoy like
with your diet flash nutrition
is the airfryer that i'm talking about
like it's just massive and
this thing just makes such an icy i'm
just going to take this back
car desperately needs a clean so the
other day
i took nappy over to see my dad and
she is still quite an anxious passenger
shall we say and sometimes she will go
to the toilet in the boot
so i cleaned it but my car absolutely
stinks
so that's why i was distracted myself a
second ago completely forgot
like car washes weren't open every day
so i need to get on my hands let's come
to asda first i'm just gonna get some
meat here and then yeah just a few
they're like cleaning bits really
absolutely love the turkey burgers from
here
i'm happy i've seen this i've needed
this the garden
who needs as well i thought it was just
[Music]
of my hair it's so windy today oh god
that was quite quick
in and out it's quite nice so today i
thought i'd come a bit earlier
if you have a chance to split your day
or forever it's worth it it's a little
bit quieter you can have a good old
mooch and i felt like the
shells were a bit more stocked that
sounds so pathetic doesn't it but
anyway now to go get some like fruit and
veg yeah i'm gonna go
to a different shop and get some other
bits there's these
like pumpkin things that are so nice
like mason and i have been
obsessed with them the past few days
like we've gone i think we went through
two packs
in a single day they're that nice do you
know i actually never used to really
like food shopping as much as i do these
days so
i feel like a lot of people have watched
see spirity i also watched it last week
i
think it was and wow i was just
absolutely like blown away
i didn't know half of that even existed
or like went on
especially amongst other like fishermen
kind of thing and it definitely
challenged my own
views in a lot of ways but let me know
like your thoughts there's so much on
netflix at the moment that it's like
really educational as well like
documentary-wise
it's so interesting getting different
insights like it wasn't so long ago this
wasn't as like
mainstream media past two days
i have gotten way earlier and oh my god
i just feel like i've got so much more
done
i've got loads of stuff done this
morning and i feel like i'm actually
having
fuller oh excuse me i'm trying to
concentrate
for the days i think it was just before
the bank holiday weekend
i started like i was going to bed super
late and then obviously getting up a lot
later i felt like the day was just like
disappearing before my eyes we're all so
different aren't we like i am 100
a and well more of a morning person i
think than
like working later on in the day like
get to later on in the afternoon and i
just start like
my brain just i prefer doing more like
active stuff like getting out on a walk
so you've obviously got to test all
these things and i'm not it's not like
set anyway
oh my god look who this is can you see
that is penelope's babe not baby sister
her sister
it's so funny that she is a black child
like i find it crazy isn't it like the
different colors that come from
dog breeds oh she just looks so cute if
his dad
was black and her mum was like a foreign
color and
i just i'd have them all if i could like
i just love penelope's little
personality but that has made my day
food in that dragon fruit here
[Music]
and if you've got me about like a
selection of the different
little christmas these
[Music]
i only tried this for the first time in
the day and wow
literally so nice i want to find a big
baja though rather than these little
ones but i put these in my oats
which are lovely
[Music]
i just obviously because i think you're
looking at food i just can't leave
without something
for the road like on the way home like
my belly was just rumbling then
crispy salmon avocado rolls oh my god
this actually looks really nice like it
looks quite fresh
that looks good doesn't it i haven't had
sushi as well in so long so i couldn't
really resist
whoa wait what is this
it's not soy sauce but we'll do a taste
test i have never had sushi from here
that is that must have been made today
like
wow that is so good
you know sometimes supermarket sushi
just tastes like it's been there for
days well this is really nice
i'm sat here like i have time i've got
an appointment i've run over time
[Music]
i've picked up pretty much everything i
wanted to get today a lot of mixed with
a few new things as well so i'm going to
start over here in the fruit section
i picked up two packs of the frozen
blueberries i go through these
so quick because i use them every single
day in my oats as well as like recipes i
actually prefer these
to like a summer berry mix i'm waiting
for the day
like i might get bored of this i just
love these like melted in
the microwave some bananas again i use
these mainly for like breakfast and
sometimes as like a pre-workout as well
just like quick fast energy and
they're also like high in potassium i
prefer my bananas like
i wish they kind of sold like oh i just
i wish they sold
brown like not brown bananas but it's i
think i have to wait a week
for these to turn right you know and
he's in
my smoothies and stuff they're just a
really nice way to like sweeten things
without adding like actual sugar or like
sweetener as such
i just got these little mini apples
these
again just like basic snacks aren't they
i used to love like the granny smith
green ones but i find them too sour now
chop them up and put them in my bait
totes it's like a nice little apple
crumble kind of vibe
something that i absolutely love at the
moment is dried mango but these are just
a nice little like snacky bit if you're
wanting to try something new like random
bits i got is
these dragon fruits like you i swear you
can never get these
in the uk or it's very rare that you can
get any exotic
fruit with it not they were expensive
they were per mouthful that is like a
pound per mouthful
fruit random i mean like a fruit kind of
mood although i think whenever this is a
new
find that i really really like so it's a
mango and coconut like frozen yogurt
thing
it's really minimal ingredients and this
is just brandon like
how how can you live holistically that's
just the branding
yeah the ingredients of it itself is so
minimal it's literally key for
yogurt milk and like yeah there's not
that many
like preservatives or anything in there
these are nice like after
dinner i just love frozen yogurt and
mango and coconut
is so good and you can add like little
bits of toppings and stuff some of the
flavors like a strawberry one
i had in mind for a dessert that i'm
going to try out is
these nougat wafers so they're like
chocolate wafer thins and i really
do like local as well these things but i
was thinking of making
like putting the ice cream in one of
those like as a dessert i'll show you
how that goes if
it pans out or not and then i just got
some
organic carrots here i just got a little
pack of this
butternut and sweet potatoes these are
nice just if you're
on a ritual you can't really be bothered
with making dinner i don't mind going
for
one of these things and i really like
butternut as well and then
just some baby corn go like alongside
dinner
i do feel like i get so lazy with my
veggie stuff like i never
never ever like forget about carbs or
like my protein sort of big pack of
some rocket i just popped that like in
you know my wraps and stuff
this big pack of spinach mainly for like
my smoothies and
this just disintegrates doesn't it like
in any like thing that you cook you know
you can throw it in with a meal
two avocados i have avocado every single
day really good like obviously
healthy fat which is really good for
your hormonal health obviously so many
other
benefits to that these are nice and ripe
as well so we've got some
beetroot so i actually put this in my
smoothie earlier today and it's quite
nice like again it just sweetens it a
little bit more i
put some a little bit of banana in there
too trying to find like different ways
to add
more vitamins and stuff into my food
rather than like obviously like
supplements and such
so overall like the fruit and veg
section now
for the meat i really like turkey like
lean turkey mince at the moment so i've
been cooking quite a lot with this
and you can obviously like flavor this
however you want to
i really think definitely like get
creative with your seasons and stuff i
add
quite a bit of seasoning to everything
that i cook and i just think it makes a
massive difference like
i've actually been adding like a chicken
casserole seasoned into
my turkey mint i felt like if you ever
found turkey it's like
maybe a bit bland a really nice high
protein sauce and i'm trying to just
stick to
more sort of like white white meats not
necessarily so much red meat so i've got
two packs of that one of them was on
offer and then i got these turkey
burgers you can actually
the other thing you can do with mints if
you've ever got any leftover
you can make your own little burgers
just chop up some like onion or
any of the vegeta you want to add in
there and make them into little bowls
bowls balls it's not difficult so yeah
i've got these turkey burgers you'll
probably have seen these before i just
love these and i really like having
these on a night i've got two packs of
those and then anything that doesn't fit
in the fridge i'll pop in the freezer so
that i'm not having to do like
a million food shops a week already
seasoned
chicken breast steaks i might have these
tonight actually
five percent lean stint lean steak mint
probably recognize these i got the heck
chicken sausages i got two
packs of these i mainly have these for
lunch i also
found peck do these burgers which are
also just as good as the sausages
six pack of these heinz baked beans
these are just like the no added sugar
ones and these are just nice to have
like stocked up
in the cupboard all right let me show
you my
chocolate selection this time i haven't
actually tried
the options white chocolate flavor so
i'm gonna try this tonight i was
thinking for
like a recipe that i'm gonna make over
the next few weeks i could use this
and make some like white chocolate
cookies or
like a little like a protein cake kind
of thing and then i just got some
belgian chocolate ran out of this
these are my like holy holy grails like
i've used these for like
over a year or two i think now and
they're just really nice like they taste
really flavorful so these are good if
you've got a sweet tooth as well or like
on a night you just fancy like a hot
chocolate or something
i got some more choc shot i actually
haven't used this in a while but this is
nice on
in your oats and stuff it's actually
plant-based like a syrup kind of thing
and it's just good for like drizzling
onto
your baking bits or anything like your
oats
baked oats all of that stuff and then
this is another like
recent discovery that i found so tony's
chocoloney they have tons of different
flavors it reminds me of like chocolate
and the charlie and the chocolate
factory and i think i got two little
mini ones i just think this is a cute
little like
mini little present to give someone so
yeah these are just the milk chocolate
and this is the milk
caramel one i've been putting these in
my oats recently it's like a chunky
chocolate it took some
dark orange chocolate intense as well
absolutely
can't go without chocolate and are the
pumpkin seed
protein fins so i kind of got a bit
bored of like my
you know like the rye cake thins or like
i'm not the biggest fan of just like the
plain
rice cakes like they just don't do
anything for me anymore so
yeah these are a little bit thicker
they're like full of pumpkin seeds
and yeah they're just higher in protein
really nice mason also
loves these like we go through these
ones very quick
so yeah i got two packs of these ones i
really like this brand
dr kevarg's they've got loads of
different like flavors as well
safe flavors yes different like seeds
and they seem to have quite
a big selection of those and then i
haven't tried these before but i thought
we'll just get these
like pitta multi seed and cereal this is
actually it's 5.6 grams of protein
per hitter like when i was in dubai we
found these
they were like protein wrapped and
they're just absolutely amazing i
haven't been able to find anything
similar here so that could be
something quite good to try i really
like pitta breads with like dinner as
well or if you make like a curry you can
like dip that in
so that is all of that showing you
everything i have actually and then i
just picked up some
more unsweetened almond milk i have
actually been
quite liking oat milk as well so i just
kind of mix between
the two but yeah i thought i'd get some
more stocked up
of these i think that's everything that
i've shown you so i'm just gonna pop
some of this in the freezer i just also
got
some toothpaste i have been trying like
me mostly trying this fluoride
free toothpaste recently which is
supposed to be a little bit better for
you
like your long-term health i haven't
been getting on with it i just don't
feel like once i've used it
and brush my teeth my teeth don't feel
crisp clean you know so if you know of
any other like fluoride free
too faced brands or like natural brands
that are also like
effective as well and let me know about
that because i'm just trying to like be
more conscious about things
like that and stuff that i use daily and
then i also
i've seen loads of people going out
about this lenore adorable and it was on
off i think it was three pounds
from six and it's really concentrated
like
where these were like the section i
could really i could really smell it so
i just
got one of these as well and then i've
got some toilet roll i don't need to
show you that boring stuff though but
yeah i hope
this was helpful slash useful i forgot
to mention
like i have obviously got some like rice
and stuff in i didn't need to stock up
on
those kind of bits but yeah that is
everything that i got and these are like
pretty much staple pieces that i get
trying to work on like
making sure i get my protein in and and
all that kind of stuff
but yeah i really hope you enjoyed this
video and
found it useful and if you haven't
already i would love to stick around by
subscribing let me know what you'd like
to see from me
next and i'll see you in the next video
you